Maybe that one has arrived
A few days ago, a dragon appeared in the sky above Jiangcheng
Fantasy is to bring about the coming of the Lord of Kunlun
The location is in Jiangcheng
Then the Kunlun lineage sent a message
A succession of saints is about to be held
The Lord of Kunlun is furious
Inheritance ceremony
And this
Master didn't tell me why
The Kunlun lineage takes office
The world has changed again
If Dad can get the favor of the new master of Kunlun
That's a huge opportunity.
Such an important moment
Do you think you have a engagement?
We will postpone Lei Shaoyan's marriage
And keep it a secret
After my door-to-door photo
We will keep a low profile of their marriage
Seems industrious
I am determined to let Miss Qin and this tiger
earth-shaking
Does he have a lifetime
To make you value him so much
Forced alone
The old man has promised him
If Yan'er is cured
Just throw a sword door
Married for a simple commitment
Give up accompanying me to establish a doctor
Don't miss it.
Become the head of the four major families
Instead, choose one with no background
Powerless trash Reja
If it weren't for our Qin family becoming the head of the four major families
I'm afraid there are some difficulties
What you may not know is
Our Lei Jia is about to join the Kunlun lineage
Sign a strategic cooperation agreement
It is an important cooperation in Kunlun
What are the partners of Lei Jia and Kunlun?
The Kunlun lineage often fails the people
There are trillions of dollars of assets in the world.
But I didn't work with anyone alone.